Welcome to Pinder’s Online Help! 

What do you need help with?
1. Creating An Account
2. Taking the Quiz
3. Listing A Pet
4. Adopting A Pet
5. Updating My Profile 

Section 1. Create An Account

New Pinder users can create an account by inputting their username and password into the login screen. Users are then prompted to update their profile with their personal information. 

1. Inputting a username and password
Open Pinder and fill out your unique username and password. Once your password and username have been approved, you may select the button "Create an Account."

2. Editing Your Profile's name, location, and email
After you have made an account, Pinder will direct you to the “My Profile” page, where you will input your name, email, and location. Afterwards, select the button “save changes.” Your profile will now be updated to your unique information.

3. Uploading Your Profile Photo
Once you have added your information, you can update your profile picture by clicking the plus sign by the profile picture section.

Section 2. Taking the Quiz
Pinder users can take a quiz to find out which dog breed works best with your lifestyle. 

1. Entering The Quiz
On the main page, click the Quiz button. Once you hit “Take Quiz,” you will need to confirm whether or not you want to take the quiz. If you choose "no," the app will take you back to the main menu. If you choose "yes," the app will take you to the quiz.

2. Taking the Quiz
You will be asked ten questions to match you with your dog breed based on compatibility, preferences, and lifestyle. Scroll through the questions and choose an answer for each question. Click finish.

 3. Viewing Your Results 
Your results will appear and override any results from a previous quiz. 

Section 3. Listing a Pet for Adoption

Pinder allows shelters, businesses, and local dog owners to put dogs up for adoption.

1. Uploading Your Pet 
Login to your account and select “List A Pet.” Enter your pet details (name, gender, breed) into the form, including a URL link to a photo. Once finished, select “List A Pet.” Your pet will now be in the Pinder database, for someone to contact you. 

Section 4. Adopting A Pet
You can use Pinder to browse for local dogs and find the pet that’s right for you.

1. Navigating to the Adopt A Pet Screen
From the home screen, select “Adopt A Pet.” 

2. Selecting Your Match 
Pinder is modeled after the popular dating app interface, Tinder. After looking at the pet, you can either click the “X” or the heart. If you click the heart option, the dog will be added to your matches. If you click the X, the app will send you to the next pet profile.

3. Contacting The Seller 
After you have clicked on a heart, your dog will enter your “my matches” page, located in your profile. Click on the profile of the dog you’re interested in, and a match page will pop up, with the contact seller information. If you select the “contact seller” button, your phone will open up your email app to send an email to the seller. 

