CS262
Group C
Usability Test

Introduction 
Thank you for participating in the usability test for Pinder, the hottest new pet-finding app on the block. Our goal for the app is to provide a sleek interface that will assist local residents with adopting pets from shelters, businesses, and other local dog owners. We would like to see first-hand what it’s like for real people to to use our app, in the hopes of improving it. Please remember throughout this test that we are testing our app, not you. We want to hear your opinions, so please be honest with your thoughts and feelings. 

For our test, we’ll ask you to do and complete certain tasks. Please talk aloud while you’re doing and thinking through them. If you have questions, just ask. If you have comments, go ahead and say them. We’ll record your comments, but won’t make them public. If, for any reason, you’d like to quit this test, just let us know. 

Background Questions 
Answer any questions your subjects have at this point and ask them for information that is relevant to your test. Encourage them here to talk aloud while they are using your system.
In order to make our test as effective as possible, we have some questions we’d like to ask.
1.	How familiar are you with the interface of Tinder or dating apps on a scale of 1-5?
2.	How likely are you to adopt a dog?
3.	If so, where are you most likely to search for one? 

Before we begin, do you have any questions for me?

The Test 
1.	Reactions to the main page  – Go to the homepage and tell us your general impression of the app. Is it clear what the buttons are for? 
2.	General tasks - Now, I’ll ask you to do some tasks, depending on how much time we have together, that different users of the app will need to do:
a.	Create an account with a username and password. 
b.	Put an 8-year-old Female Labrador named Daisy up for adoption.
c.	Find a dog to adopt, and contact the adopter.
d.	Find out what breed works best with your lifestyle by taking a quiz. 
e.	Edit your profile with updated information
3.	Do you have any final observations on the app? Would you use it?

Thanks 
Thank you once again for helping us test out Pinder. We’ll contact you soon with a summary of what we found and how we hope to use it to improve the app. We’ll keep the data from your individual session private and will only release aggregate data.


